node 1 A_1 up
node 2 A_2 constant
node 3 A_3 constant
node 4 B_1 constant
node 5 B_2 constant
node 6 B_3 constant
node 7 C_1 up
node 8 C_2 up
node 9 C_3 up
node 10 D_1 up
node 11 D_2 constant
node 12 D_3 constant
node 13 E_1 constant
node 14 E_2 up
node 15 E_3 up
edge 1 1 7 activation
edge 2 1 8 activation
edge 3 1 9 activation
edge 4 1 10 activation
edge 5 1 11 activation
edge 6 1 12 activation
edge 7 2 8 activation
edge 8 2 9 activation
edge 9 2 11 activation
edge 10 2 12 activation
edge 11 3 9 activation
edge 12 3 12 activation
edge 13 4 7 activation
edge 14 4 8 activation
edge 15 4 9 activation
edge 16 4 10 activation
edge 17 4 11 activation
edge 18 4 12 activation
edge 19 5 8 activation
edge 20 5 9 activation
edge 21 5 11 activation
edge 22 5 12 activation
edge 23 6 9 activation
edge 24 6 12 activation
edge 25 7 13 activation
edge 26 7 14 activation
edge 27 7 15 activation
edge 28 8 14 activation
edge 29 8 15 activation
edge 30 9 15 activation
